Pardon me?
Nothing, I must have read it wrong.
Then go in, bro
You brought me here.
Whose birthday party is this?
Gu Lan, brother
How could you bring me to his birthday party?
He is Zhao Tingchuan's mother
You think mother-in-law
I really don't know that.
My boss asked me to come.
He said the celebrities gather here tonight
Let me see
Maybe I can get to know a few bosses, bro
You really made me miserable
It's okay, he's the main character tonight
May not notice you
Wait a minute, let's walk around him, no problem
No, he doesn't like me in the first place.
In addition, Zhao Tingchuan and I are now divorced.
I'm not fit to be here at all
I'm leaving first.
My boss asked me to bring a girlfriend tonight
I'll let him see me coming alone later
I'm afraid I'm going to lose my job
that
Why don't you call Xuewei and ask him to come over?
I'll just wait until he comes, okay?
Who asked you to come to my birthday party?